hello versus Edo we have piano flophouse
calm and today I'm going to show you TD
jakes manifests and some key of G flat
or F sharp so you interest me to start
up like this
all right so as you can see I'm holding
the G flat down my left hand I'm doing D
flat to D
right
from G flat to a flat a flat G flat a
flat hey
all right
all right so you have V D flat E G flat
hey
love to eat fire
we love him right hand yo C E flat G
flat
I'm sorry a-flat d-flat
all right down the b-flat
get up hand G B flat D flat E and G
- meaning of him
all right yeah you have see
right and you know
a C E flat G flat all right almost in
trouble down here D flat
a d-flat g-flat
a flat and G flat you love Han
see ya MA right
alright here we have D flat a flat B D a
flat
alright then you have D flat to be
be ye g-flat
all right yeah
she flat
d-flat g-flat you live here
you also have in your right hand you get
Hey all right yeah that's the intro
let's move on into the song so you have
all right so let's work that part right
there